* ABOUT

This project aims to analyze Walmart Sales data to gain insights into the performance of top branches and products, sales trends across different product categories, and customer behavior. 
The objective is to explore ways to enhance and optimize sales strategies. The dataset utilized in this project originates from the Kaggle Walmart Sales Forecasting Competition. Each store 
comprises multiple departments, and the task involves predicting sales for each department within each store. 

* Purposes Of The Project

The major aim of thie project is to gain insight into the sales data of Walmart to understand the different factors that affect sales of the different branches.

* About Data

The dataset was obtained from the Kaggle Walmart Sales Forecasting Competition. This dataset contains sales transactions from a three different branches of Walmart, 
respectively located in Mandalay, Yangon and Naypyitaw. The data contains 17 columns and 1000 rows:

Column	Description	Data Type
invoice_id	Invoice of the sales made	VARCHAR(30)
branch	Branch at which sales were made	VARCHAR(5)
city	The location of the branch	VARCHAR(30)
customer_type	The type of the customer	VARCHAR(30)
gender	Gender of the customer making purchase	VARCHAR(10)
product_line	Product line of the product solf	VARCHAR(100)
unit_price	The price of each product	DECIMAL(10, 2)
quantity	The amount of the product sold	INT
VAT	The amount of tax on the purchase	FLOAT(6, 4)
total	The total cost of the purchase	DECIMAL(10, 2)
date	The date on which the purchase was made	DATE
time	The time at which the purchase was made	TIMESTAMP
payment_method	The total amount paid	DECIMAL(10, 2)
cogs	Cost Of Goods sold	DECIMAL(10, 2)
gross_margin_percentage	Gross margin percentage	FLOAT(11, 9)
gross_income	Gross Income	DECIMAL(10, 2)
rating	Rating	FLOAT(2, 1)

* Business Questions To Answer

SECTION 1. Branches and Ratings

Q. How many branches are there?
Q. What are the distinct cities?
Q. What are the customer types?
Q. Which branch had the largest revenue?
Q. What is the city with the largest revenue?
Q. Which branch sold more products than the average number of products sold?

SECTION 2. Products

Q. How many unique product lines are there?
Q. What is the most selling product line?
Q. What product line had the largest revenue?
Q. What product line had the largest VAT?
Q. What is the average rating of each product line?

SECTION 3. Customers

Q. How many unique customer types does the data have?
Q. How many unique payment methods does the data have?
Q. What is the most common customer type?
Q. Which customer type buys the most?
Q. What is the gender distribution every month at each branch?

SECTION 4. Sales

Q. What is the number of sales made each time of the day?
Q. Which customer type brings the most revenue?
Q. Which city has the largest tax/VAT percentage?
Q. Which customer type pays the most in VAT?
Q. Which day has the best average ratings per branch?
Q. Which time of the day do customers give the most ratings?
Q. Which day of the week has the best average ratings?

NOTE:- For the rest of the code, check the SQL_queries.sql file
